Document the unified vLLM suite (#297)
ROCm/cvs: docs/reference/configuration-files/vllm.rst

   * - ``max``
     - —
     - ``actual > value``. Unit-agnostic upper bound, for counts such as ``failed``
   * - ``max_ms``
     - —
     - ``actual > value``. Identical comparison to ``max``, but the message says "ms"
   * - ``min_tok_s``
     - —
     - ``actual < value``. Identical comparison to ``min``, but the message says "tok/s"
   * - ``within``
     - ``tolerance_pct``
     - ``actual`` falls outside ``value ± tolerance_pct`` percent
   * - ``min_ratio``
     - ``reference``
     - ``actual / <reference metric>`` is less than ``value``

An unrecognized ``kind`` is a violation, not a silent skip. A metric that is missing from the results, or whose value is ``None``, is also a loud violation rather than a pass.

For ``min_ratio``, the ``reference`` names another metric in the same cell. If that reference is missing, ``None``, or zero, the check fails with a message naming the reason.

Coverage checking
-----------------

Threshold files are validated against the sweep on two axes:

1. **Cell coverage** — every sweep cell must have a threshold entry, and no threshold key may name a cell that the sweep does not produce. This catches keys left behind after a sweep edit.

> 2. **Metric coverage** — every cell must carry a spec for each gated metric.

Reviewer: Pinning @hnimra-amd's coverage point to the exact line, since I confirmed it independently.

This axis never fires for the vLLM suite. `vllm_config_loader.py:253-258` calls the shared validator with `gated_metrics=set()`, and `validate_thresholds_cover_sweep` builds `gated_keys` from exactly that set (`inferencing_config_loader.py:104-107`) — so `absent` is always `[]`, `gated_gaps` stays empty, and the "cells missing gated-metric specs" problem can never be raised. Only axis 1 is enforced.

```suggestion
2. **Metric coverage** — not enforced for this suite. A gated metric is asserted only when the cell carries a spec for it; a metric with no spec is measured and reported but never asserted.
```

As written, a reader would think all 38 `client.*` specs are mandatory before they can turn on `enforce_thresholds`, which also makes the null-spec sentence at L812 read as a contradiction rather than an elaboration.

The ``accuracy`` key is exempt from cell-coverage checking, since it is keyed by task rather than by cell.

> Setting ``enforce_thresholds`` to ``false`` downgrades **both** axes to warnings and stops threshold violations from failing tests. The run still measures and records everything, which makes it the right setting for a first calibration run on new hardware.

Reviewer: Follow-on from the L806 correction: since axis 2 never fires, "downgrades **both** axes to warnings" is describing a downgrade of something that was never enforcing. Once L806 is reworded, this is clearer as `enforce_thresholds=false` downgrading cell-coverage failures to warnings and stopping threshold violations from failing tests — which is what the loader actually does.
